# Starting kit for Market Scenario Generator Hackathon 

Welcome to our Market Scenario Generator Hackathon Starter Kit repository. This repository provides a standard pipeline to help you with the kick-off of our hackathon. For more details about the hackathon, visit the [Hackathon Website](https://hackathon.deepintomlf.ai/competitions/38). 

In this pipeline, we include: 
1) data importing and explanatory analysis,
2) the model build-up for both the generator and discriminator using LSTM modules,
3) training algorithm design,
4) offline evaluation module.

## Environment Setup
The code has been tested successfully using Python 3.8 and pytorch 1.11.0. A typical process for installing the package dependencies involves creating a new Python virtual environment.

To install the required packages, run the following:
```console
conda install pytorch==1.11.0 torchvision==0.12.0 torchaudio==0.11.0 cudatoolkit=10.2 -c pytorch
pip install cupy-cuda102
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

For code illustration, please refer to the Jupyter Notebook we created, namely, example_pipeline.ipynb.

## Data
For this challenge, the training data is located at [data/](data/). Here, we provide two different datasets, both of which are numpy arrays saved in `.pkl` format. The first dataset
[data/ref_data.pkl](data/) includes `1200` sample paths representing the daily return and volatility processes of `5` correlated assets. 
The length of each path is `5`, resulting in a time series with shape is `[1200, 5, 10]`. The second dataset consists of label array of shape `[1200, 1]` which represents the market condition under with the raw time series is sampled, value `0` stands for regular market condition while value `1` stands for the market under financial crisis.

## Sample submission
We also provide a sample submission bundle at [sample_submission_bundle](sample_submission_bundle/) which includes: 
1) `model_dict.pkl`: Dictionary of model parameters used to generate the samples.
2) `model.py`: Script of your model architecture, model loading, and data generation.
3) `fake_crisis.pkl`: Fake data generated by the trained model under financial crisis scenario.
4) `fake_regular.pkl`: Fake data generated by the trained model under regular market scenario.

Finally, we wish you good luck during the competition and most importantly, have fun!!!
